Xiaoqiao, I envy you so much.
Xiaoqiao, I like love and magic,
For many years. You must get an autograph for me.
Thanks to the company for cultivating me. I will definitely do my best.
I don’t announce everyone’s hopes for me. Here,
It is also one of the most important projects of our company currently.
Xiaoqiao, you just let it go.
All the designers in the company will be deployed with you.
Okay, you can rest assured.
Can't hear it. The designers in our group listened.
Each person will submit a three-point design draft to me within three days.
And produce name design ideas. You pay ten
Three days of design
Is it too much?
Yes, Qiaoqiao
If he dares to be fair
It’s hard to guarantee that it’s two
He can design good public taxes
It's just design, right?
I see
Qiaoqiao still has the means
It seems that he wants to pay attention to it again
I have a way to deal with Zhang Xingqiao's matter
You can stop interfering first, okay?